helm3 support in e2e (#110)
newrelic/nri-kubernetes: e2e/README.md

# E2E tests

In order to run it locally you can do the following
```shell
eval $(minikube -p minikube docker-env)
```

> Then you need to build the binary and the image. Notice that the Dockerfile is currently multiarch.
> Depending on your environment the easiest thing to do can be to manually modify the Dockerfile adding
> manually the values for TARGETARCH and TARGETOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you need to build the binary and the image. Notice that  since the Dockerfile includes multiarch
support, you may need to set `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1` when running `docker build` for the `TARGETARCH`
and `TARGETOS` args to be populated.
```

Reviewer: (I guess you tried to warn against those not being populated? Setting `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1` should fix that)
